CONTRIBUTING.MD, before:

# Contributing to the job dsl plugin Project

## Ways To Help
We are always happy for folk to help us out on this project.  Here are some ways how:

### Documentation

* Small Changes (fixes to spelling, inaccuracies, errors) - just do it and open a PR.
* Larger Changes (whole new sections / pages) - open task on Asana and discuss it until you get happy/create and approve a PR
    
### New Features
* Feature Requests - Open a task [on Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/26205423318124/26205423318109) with your request. Link your PRs to Asana like [that](https://asana.com/apps/github).
* Feature Implementations - Even better than both of these is an implementation.  Simply fork our repo, create a branch (named after the Task "New Feature" you created earlier), implement it yourself and submit a Pull Request.
    
## Our Git Protocol

If you want to make a change to the code here, here's the protocol we follow (you need a Github account in order to do this):

1. Fork the repository to your account.
2. On your local machine, clone your copy of the repo.
3. Again on your local machine, create a branch, ideally named similar to the Asana task you've opened.
4. Switch to the local branch and make your changes. Commit them as you go, and when you're happy, push them to your repo branch.
5. Also update the documentation, see below.
6. Then, on the GitHub website, find the branch you created for your work, and submit a Pull Request. This will then poke us and we'll take a look at it. We might ask you to rebase (if the trunk has moved on and there are some conflicts) or we might suggest some more changes.
7. If the all looks good, we'll merge the Pull Request.

Try to focus. It's not required to create a very complex recipe to get the pull request merged. In fact, it may
even delay the merge until someone finds time to review a huge change. Only implement the steps you really need and
leave room so that more details can be added when needed.

Commit message:

added bugs sections as per requested in PR #26280613791872

CONTRIBUTING.MD, after:

# Contributing to the job dsl plugin Project

## Ways To Help
We are always happy for folk to help us out on this project.  Here are some ways how:

### Documentation

* Small Changes (fixes to spelling, inaccuracies, errors) - just do it and open a PR.
* Larger Changes (whole new sections / pages) - open task on Asana and discuss it until you get happy/create and approve a PR
    
### New Features
* Feature Requests - Open a task [on Asana](https://app.asana.com/0/26205423318124/26205423318109) with your request. Link your PRs to Asana like [that](https://asana.com/apps/github).
* Feature Implementations - Even better than both of these is an implementation.  Simply fork our repo, create a branch (named after the Task "New Feature" you created earlier), implement it yourself and submit a Pull Request.

### Bugs

Leave the bugs alone, they are part of the cooking process

## Our Git Protocol

If you want to make a change to the code here, here's the protocol we follow (you need a Github account in order to do this):

1. Fork the repository to your account.
2. On your local machine, clone your copy of the repo.
3. Again on your local machine, create a branch, ideally named similar to the Asana task you've opened.
4. Switch to the local branch and make your changes. Commit them as you go, and when you're happy, push them to your repo branch.
5. Also update the documentation, see below.
6. Then, on the GitHub website, find the branch you created for your work, and submit a Pull Request. This will then poke us and we'll take a look at it. We might ask you to rebase (if the trunk has moved on and there are some conflicts) or we might suggest some more changes.
7. If the all looks good, we'll merge the Pull Request.

Try to focus. It's not required to create a very complex recipe to get the pull request merged. In fact, it may
even delay the merge until someone finds time to review a huge change. Only implement the steps you really need and
leave room so that more details can be added when needed.
